# Future Journey as a Data Scientist

## Difference in approach and practices after completing this course

The course taught me new skills such as coding in the **R programming language**, using **visualizations** to interpret data, and using **Docker** containers to collaborate on a project. My approach to data preprocessing has changed; prior to this course, I did not place a high value on **EDA (Exploratory Data Analysis)**, but after this course, I realized that EDA is **critical** in data science. EDA assists you in better understanding the data set and making life easier in the *subsequent* process. For instance, during EDA, identifying key variables for model fitting can help you improve the fit's outcomes.Using **Github** for our projects allowed me to become much more *acquainted* with the tool than I had previously. Creating **Shiny apps** was also an interesting experience in which I learned how to create an interactive app with UI using R. This course also taught me about docker containers and APIs. Overall, the course taught me a lot about *statistics* and how to apply my knowledge to perform `classifications`, `predictions`, and other data science concepts in the R programming language. It also assisted me in learning and gaining practical experience with a variety of important tools and libraries such as *`R studio`*, *`Shiny apps`*, *`Docker`*, *`dplyr`*, *`ggplot2`*, *`API's`*, and so on.

## Things I want to learn
I am excited to pursue a career in data science. This course, in my opinion, was a significant step in that direction. The projects and assignments encouraged me to practically apply what I learnt, which I will utilize in the future. I am also interested in working in the subject of deep learning and have enrolled in a neural network course in my upcoming semester. I also want to improve my data modelling skills. Also, I have always wanted to learn Docker but never had the time. Now that I have been introduced to it in this course, I'm intending to delve deeper into the fundamentals of Docker and create an app on it. I would like to make a Shiny app, for example, one that allows users to retrieve scripts or EDA results by simply providing a dataset as input. My ultimate objective is to work as a data scientist for a reputable organization and use my skills to provide useful research to diverse areas such as health care and food. Looking forward to it. Wish me luck!  
